Create extra regions for diagnostics with tags (#1588)
sublimelsp/LSP: docs/src/features.md

Diagnostics will also optionally include the following scopes:

| scope                    | diagnostic tag name | description                 |
| ------------------------ | ------------------- | --------------------------- |
| `markup.unnecessary.lsp` | Unnecessary         | Unused or unnecessary code  |
| `markup.deprecated.lsp`  | Deprecated          | Deprecated or obsolete code |

!!! note
    Regions created for those scopes don't follow the `diagnostics_highlight_style` setting and instead always use the "fill" style.

    Those scopes can be used to, for example, gray-out the text color of unused code, if the server supports that.

    For example, to add a custom rule for `Mariana` color scheme, select `UI: Customize Color Scheme` from the Command Palette and add the following rule:

    ```json
    {
        "rules": [
            {
                "scope": "markup.unnecessary.lsp",
                "foreground": "color(rgb(255, 255, 255) alpha(0.4))",
                "background": "color(var(blue3) alpha(0.9))"
            }
        ]
    }
    ```

>     For other color schemes, pick a background color that is as close as possible to the original background color of the scheme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The color scheme rule only works if the "background" color is different from the global background of the scheme. So for other color schemes, ideally pick a background color that is as close as possible, but marginally different from the original background.
```
